Chore: CMX - add note about dockerhub pull secret requirement (#1580)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/vendor/testing-supported-clusters.md

    <td>
      <ul>
        <li>OpenShift does not support r1.small instance types.</li>

>         <li>Openshift versions prior to 4.13-okd do not have a registry mirror and so may be subject to rate limiting from Dockerhub. We recommend implementing an image pull secret to pull images as an authenticated Dockerhub user.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <li>OpenShift versions prior to 4.13-okd do not have a registry mirror and so may be subject to [rate limiting from Docker Hub](https://docs.docker.com/docker-hub/download-rate-limit/). We recommend configuring an [image pull secret](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/) to pull public Docker Hub images as an authenticated user in order to increase limits.</li>
```

Reviewer 2: Going to commit this suggestion so I can then add a couple docs edits and approve ^
